blog: September 2025 project update tweaks (#27)
AerynOS/dotcom: src/content/docs/blog/2025/09/30/September 2025 project update/index.mdx

## Kernels

AerynOS is currently running on 6.16.8. While we are aware that Linux 6.17 was released on 28th September 2025, the AerynOS team takes the view that for larger software stacks, the wise thing to do is to hold back for a few point releases after a major version update to ensure there are no unexpected issues.

> While AerynOS is a rolling release distribution, we don't aim to be on the bleeding edge just for the sake of being on the bleeding edge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though AerynOS is a rolling release distribution, we don't aim to be on the bleeding edge just for the sake of being on the bleeding edge.
```

Since this previous sentence started with "While".

It cannot be overstated how much better the state of our infra is compared to the start of the year. In turn, this now allows us to focus our efforts in other areas of our technology stack to similarly work through bugs, implement features and generally refine our code base.

## Cosmic maintainership

A couple of months ago we had a new contributor, [Bryan Hyland](https://github.com/bhh32), join us and begin working on the Cosmic stack. Bryan's contributions have been invaluable to the team and we thank him for his engagement.

Unfortunately, due to personal reasons, he is having to take a temporary step back from the project. He has shared his methodology for providing updates to the Cosmic packages and we already have willing contributors from our community picking up the in-flight tasks.

We know he will be back once his circumstances improve, but in the meantime, if you are curious about supporting Cosmic on AerynOS, please do get in touch in our [Matrix packaging channel](https://matrix.to/#/#AerynOS-Packaging:matrix.org) as it's always good to have several people capable of maintaining each of our DE stacks.

## Web development

> One area in which we often receive feedback is our website. Whilst we are in an alpha state, it has not been our highest priority to improve. We do have a couple of interested contributors wanting to work on our website to help improve the overall look and feel of the project, though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One area in which we often receive feedback is our website. Given we are in an alpha state, it has not been our highest priority to improve it. We do have a couple of interested contributors wanting to work on our website to help improve the overall look and feel of the project, though.
```
